Doc- ROS bag jobs, upload, throttling and latching (#59)
rapyuta-robotics/rapyuta-io-docs: hugo/content/3_how-tos/35_tooling_and_debugging/355_record-rosbags-for-packages.md

Each split size must be more than 10 MB and less than 1024 MB or 1GB. </br> Maximum 10 splits are allowed with the split size of more than 10 MB and less than 1 GB. However, the disk storage for the rosbag file can not go beyond 5120 MB (5 GB).</br>
For example, you can configure 10 splits and each split can store up to 500 MB (10X500 MB=5 GB)  of recorded data or you configure 5 splits and each split can store up to 1024 MB (5x1024 MB=5 GB)  of recorded data. After the message recording reaches the maximum allowed splits, the older splits are deleted to maintain the specified memory limit. 
{{% /notice %}}|
| Upload Rate | (Applicable only for device runtime) Specify the upload rate for the rosbag file to be uploaded in the rapyuta.io platform.|
| Rate Units | (Applicable only for device runtime) Specify the unit for the upload rate from the drop-down menu. You can select **Bytes/s**, **KB/s**, or**MB/s**.|
| Purge After | (Applicable only for device runtime) Enable the toggle button if you want to delete the rosbag file after it has been successfully uploaded to the rapyuta.io platform. |

> | Upload mode | (Applicable only for device runtime) Select one of the upload modes to define the rosbag upload frequency: <br> * **Continuous** - The recorded rosbags will get uploaded continuously. <br> * **On-demand** - rosbags recorded during the specified time period will get uploaded. <!--note needs to be added --><br> * **On-stop** - The rosbags will get uploaded only after the job stops.|

Author: ```suggestion
| Upload Mode | (Applicable only for device runtime) Select one of the options to choose when the rosbags should be uploaded to the cloud: <br> * **Continuous** - The recorded rosbags will get uploaded continuously. <br> * **On-demand** - rosbags recorded during the specified time period will get uploaded. <!--note needs to be added --><br> * **On-stop** - The rosbags will get uploaded only after the job stops.|
```

| Upload Rate | (Applicable only for device runtime) Specify the upload rate for the ROS bag file to be uploaded in the rapyuta.io platform.|
| Rate Units | (Applicable only for device runtime) Specify the unit for the upload rate from the drop-down menu. You can select **Bytes/s**, **KB/s**, or**MB/s**.|
| Purge After | (Applicable only for device runtime) Enable the toggle button if you want to delete the ROS bag file after it has been successfully uploaded to the rapyuta.io platform. |

> | Upload mode | Select one of the upload modes to define the ROS bag upload frequency: <br> * **Continuous** - The recorded ROS bags will get uploaded continuously. <br> * **On-demand** - ROS bags recorded during the specified time period will get uploaded. <!--note needs to be added --><br> * **On-stop** - The ROS bags will get uploaded only after the recording stops.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upload mode | (Applicable only for device runtime) Select one of the upload modes to define the ROS bag upload frequency: <br> * **Continuous** - The recorded ROS bags will get uploaded continuously. <br> * **On-demand** - ROS bags recorded during the specified time period will get uploaded. <!--note needs to be added --><br> * **On-stop** - The ROS bags will get uploaded only after the recording stops.|
```

> | Upload mode | Select one of the upload modes to define the ROS bag upload frequency: <br> * **Continuous** - The recorded ROS bags will get uploaded continuously. <br> * **On-demand** - ROS bags recorded during the specified time period will get uploaded. <!--note needs to be added --><br> * **On-stop** - The ROS bags will get uploaded only after the recording stops.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upload mode | Select one of the upload modes to define the ROS bag upload frequency: <br> * **Continuous** - The recorded ROS bags will get uploaded continuously. <br> * **On-demand** - ROS bags recorded during the specified time period will get uploaded. <!--note needs to be added --><br> * **On-stop** - The ROS bags will get uploaded only after the job stops.|
```

> | Configure latching and throttling | Latching enables us to persist the last message published on a channel in every split of the bag file and throttling enables the recorder to record messages at a lower frequency, for example, 5 msgs/sec. To configure latching and throttling:<br> * **Topic** - Specify the topic name. <br> * **Latch** - Click enable to enable latching. <br> * **Throttle** - Click enable to enable throttling. <br> * **Throttle frequency** - Specify the frequency at which messages should be recorded. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configure latching and throttling | Latching enables us to persist the last message published on a channel in every split of the bag file and throttling enables the recorder to record messages at the frequency specified, for example, 5 msgs/sec. To configure latching and throttling:<br> * **Topic** - Specify the topic name. <br> * **Latch** - Click enable to enable latching. <br> * **Throttle** - Click enable to enable throttling. <br> * **Throttle frequency** - Specify the frequency at which messages should be recorded. |
```
